========
Introduction
========

The PinPong library is a Python library designed for controlling open-source hardware main control boards. It is based on the Firmata protocol and is compatible with MicroPython syntax. Within 5 minutes, you can get started using Python to control open-source hardware.

With the PinPong library, you can directly program various common open-source hardware using Python code. The principle behind this is to flash a specific firmware onto the open-source hardware, enabling it to communicate with a computer through a serial port and execute various commands.

The name of the PinPong library is a combination of "Pin" and "Pong". "Pin" refers to the pins, and "PinPong" is a play on the word "ping pong", symbolizing the back-and-forth of signals.

The design of the pinpong library is to liberate developers from the constraints of numerous hardware models during the development process and to shift the focus to software implementation. Even if the initial programming is done using Arduino, and the deployment later switches to a different control board, a simple modification to the hardware parameters ensures smooth operation, realizing the principle of “write once, run anywhere”.

.. Note:: The current PinPong library is undergoing rapid updates. It already supports Arduino series such as uno, leonardo, mega2560, ESP32 series control boards (handpy), micro:bit (microbit), sky-empty board (unihiker), with support for 50+ sensors. Other main control boards and more extension libraries will be gradually supported.

Recommended reading flow for this document:

#. Check the installation tutorial for preparation.
#. Review the examples for a quick start test.
#. Refer to the tutorial for systematic learning.

========
简介
========


PinPong库是一套控制开源硬件主控板的Pyhton库，基于Firmata协议并兼容MicroPython语法，5分钟即可让你上手使用Python控制开源硬件。

借助于PinPong库，直接用Python代码就能给各种常见的开源硬件编程。其原理是给开源硬件烧录一个特定的固件，使开源硬件可以通过串口与电脑通讯，执行各种命令。

PinPong库的名称由“Pin”和“Pong”组成，“Pin”指引脚，“PinPong”为“乒乓球”的谐音，指信号的往复。

pinpong库的设计，是为了让开发者在开发过程中不用被繁杂的硬件型号束缚，而将重点转移到软件的实现。哪怕程序编写初期用Arduino开发，部署时改成了掌控板，只要修改一下硬件的参数就能正常运行，实现了“一次编写处处运行”。

.. 注意:: 当前PinPong库正在快速更新中，已支持Arduino系列uno、leonardo、mega2560,ESP32系列掌控板(handpy)，micro:bit(microbit)，行空板(unihiker)，传感器支持50+，其他主控板及更多扩展库将逐步支持。


本文档推荐阅读流程：

#. 查看安装教程进行准备
#. 查看示例快速上手测试
#. 查看教程进行系统学习



